Update MCP quickstart based on docs team tests (#314)
redpanda-data/rp-connect-docs: modules/ai-agents/pages/mcp-server/quickstart.adoc

You'll need the following to complete this quickstart:

- xref:ROOT:get-started:rpk-install.adoc[Redpanda CLI (`rpk`)]

> - At least version 4.66.1 of Redpanda Connect
> +
> If you need to upgrade, see xref:get-started:upgrade/rpk-upgrade.adoc[].
> - link:https://docs.anthropic.com/en/docs/claude-code/setup[Claude Code^]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Redpanda Connect 4.66.1 or later. If you need to upgrade, see xref:get-started:upgrade/rpk-upgrade.adoc[].
```

        └── example-processor.yaml
----

> . Make sure your Redpanda Connect version is at least 4.66.1:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Check your Redpanda Connect version:
```

Not sure if we need to mention the number again, as we already said so on pre-req

+
[,bash]
----
rpk connect --version
----
+

> If you need to upgrade, see xref:install:rpk.adoc#upgrade[Upgrade Redpanda Connect].

Reviewer: We already have this line on pre-req. Suggestion is to remove either from pre-req or here. I vote to remove from pre-req.

You can also close the terminal window or kill the process using standard OS commands (such as `kill <pid>` on Linux/macOS).

== Troubleshoot

This section covers issues you might encounter when setting up and using the MCP server.

=== JSON schema errors

> If you see API errors like the following when Claude attempts to use your tool:
> 
> [source,json]
> ----
> {
>   "type": "error",
>   "error": {
>     "type": "invalid_request_error",
>     "message": "tools.17.custom.input_schema: JSON schema is invalid. It must match JSON Schema draft 2020-12 (https://json-schema.org/draft/2020-12). Learn more about tool use at https://docs.claude.com/en/docs/tool-use."
>   },
>   "request_id": "req_011CTWPsqnC26DJVUhxnQnn6"
> }
> ----
> 
> This error indicates you're using an outdated version of Redpanda Connect with an incompatible JSON schema format.

Author: ```suggestion
This error indicates you're using an outdated version of Redpanda Connect with an incompatible JSON schema format:

[source,json]
----
{
  "type": "error",
  "error": {
    "type": "invalid_request_error",
    "message": "tools.17.custom.input_schema: JSON schema is invalid. It must match JSON Schema draft 2020-12 (https://json-schema.org/draft/2020-12). Learn more about tool use at https://docs.claude.com/en/docs/tool-use."
  },
  "request_id": "req_011CTWPsqnC26DJVUhxnQnn6"
}
----

```
